I didn't see anyone alive for over a
year
my dad told us he can't leave the valley
as long as we stay here
gotta be an explanation it's just crazy
this is still here why are you doing the
work my hand can't drive this ran out of
gas pumps don't run without electricity
you can get to work manually right it
water
really means something that you think in
my turn first
come on things speaking tweeners it's
okay this with that
I mean you no harm man my name is Caleb
hey no no no it's alright
this guy could be anybody following this
valley survive like you and I did
because we have faith saw stureplan
I've seen if you need to figure it out
figure it out I found out a lot of stuff
about you being on my own jealousy
doesn't see you saying yeah you fancy
wager